Sophos EDR: documentation (#296)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/endpoint/sophos_edr.md

uuid: 3f330d19-fdea-48ac-96bd-91a447bb26bd
name: Sophos EDR
type: intake

## Overview

Sophos EDR monitors, detects and mitigates threats on endpoints.
This EDR reduces the attack surface and prevent attacks from running with an anti-exploit, an anti-ransomware and advanced control technology.

This setup guide shows how to forward events produced by Sophos EDR to SEKOIA.IO.

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/sophos-edr_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

## Configure

### Credentials

In the Sophos Central Admin console, go to `Global Settings > API Credentials Management`.
Create a new token with `Add Credential`. Complete the name, appropriate role and description.
On the `API credential Summary`, copy the `Client ID` and the `Client Secret`.

### Create the intake

> Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format `AWS CloudTrail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format `Sophos EDR`.
```
